yep they call me Fast Eddie speed is in
my veins I feel the car through the
pedal like it's a part of me nothing but
the open road ahead I start the engine
and Chuck's windshield wipers are frozen
well make sure you try these pro tips
before you go fast and furious leave
your wipers up in the winter it'll
prevent them from sticking to the
windshield so you don't have to scrape
them off and break the rubber people
warn against it because they say it
ruins the arm spring and makes your
wipers more vulnerable to thieves but a
the wearing down the arm thing isn't
true the springs don't lose their
elasticity and be who's going around
stealing people's wiper blades if you're
still going to keep the wipers down or
you forgot to put them up on a freezing
night run the AC yes cold air will
defrost the windows just like the
heating does it works by D humidifying
the air great trick for when you're
heating is busted oh you can't even get
into the car to turn the defrost on
that's right your lock is frozen
just put some hand sanitizer on it it'll
melt the ice actually you can prevent
your windshield from getting frosty in
the first place spray a three parts
vinegar to one part water solution on
the windows the night beforehand it'll
save you some scraping time in the
morning your wipers will break down
sooner or later even if you keep them up
every winter
if the rubbers coming off and the metal
arm is scraping your windshield just put
a long sock on it it's a temporary fix
but it works just get yourself some new
blades ASAP now always keep your gas
tank more than half full in cold weather
any empty space above the fuel in your
tank will be filled with moist air which
condenses to water in the cold water is
denser than gasoline so it settles at
the bottom of your tank if it
accumulates enough it'll go through the
fuel line to the engine
and oh that's not good well that's
plenty of cold-weather tips
let's get Adil over to the warmer months
if your car is overheating open the
windows and turn on the heater
it seems illogical but this will draw
heat away from the engine if you need to
cool down your car quickly on a hot
summer day fully open one of the front
windows then open and close the door
several times on the opposite side of
that open window it's the fastest way to
draw out all the hot air to cupholders
not enough for everyone in the car well
I guess it's time for a new car huh well
if you can't afford that right now
here's another option have one of your
passengers take their shoe off and use
it instead since the opening is
adjustable with laces it can hold any
size cup just be sure to roll down the
window
PU now if you're stuck in the snow or
mud you can use the cars rubber mats to
get yourself out put them under your
tire to add traction the kitty litter
trick works too but who's driving around
with that in the car oh don't forget
your mats back there
getting your speed up to 70 miles per
hour for 10 miles on once a month on an
open freeway and clear dry conditions of
course that evaporates any water and gas
buildup in the engine and exhaust system
oh and it gets you there a little bit
faster but again only do it when it's
appropriate got a little scratch on the
paint easy fix
just use nail polish that matches your
car color you can also use clear polish
to mask little scratches on your windows
but not if a rock has chipped your
windshield you can avoid the cost of
expensive replacement if the spot is
smaller than a dime a glass shop can
fill it with a special resin that should
prevent the crack from spreading if you
often can't find your car in a huge
parking lot remember to take a picture
of the spot or Roma brace and as you
pull in there are also GPS apps that
help you find your car among endless
parking spaces and huge garages if you
didn't take a picture or decided not to
download that app you can find your car
with the help of a remote key now the
signal doesn't reach then bring it
closer to your head fluids in your head
boost the connectivity of key signals
it's crazy but it works if you eat in
your car often you know it can turn into
a real dump use a cereal box as a trash
can
it's closable so no stench or spilling
yet opens easily for quick cleanups and
hey look you can empty it you know once
in a while a quick and cheap air
freshener for your car is a simple dryer
sheett stick one in your AC fan the
whole car will smell like fresh linens
those metal bars and your headrest
aren't only for adjusting the height you
can also use them to break the windows
in an emergency it works better if you
push it into the gap at the bottom of
the window pull it toward you and the
glass
now don't wash your car at home it can
waste up to 20 times more water than a
professional car wash plus you might
scratch the paint and doing it yourself
isn't much better than a professional
wash with special equipment if you want
to make a new car last as long as
possible keep your speed under 55 miles
per hour or whatever is recommended by
the manufacturer drive at this speed
during the break-in period typically the
first thousand miles it's not so easy to
get rid of old stickers on your windows
or bumper here's one effective way soak
a piece of newspaper in warm water and
put it on the sticker for 10 minutes
after that it'll come right off ordinary
toothpaste is great for cleaning
headlights it could be a great
alternative to costly special made
cleaners squeeze some paste onto a cloth
or brush and rub it on the headlights
wash it off with water afterwards fair
no more foggy lights oh and don't forget
to floss now you've rented a new car and
need to fill er up
you pull up to the gas station and
suddenly realize you have no idea which
side the tank is on well take a look at
the dashboard see that little arrow
right next to the refueling indicator it
points to which side of the car you'll
find the tank if you don't have a phone
holder in your car or maybe you're
suddenly came unstuck you can thread a
rubber band through your a/c vent insert
the rubber band through the top of the
Vette and pull the other half through
the bottom then put your phone in it and
you're good to go if you're steering
down long roadways for more than five
minutes at a time it fatigues your eyes
this can be the reason you speed and
underestimate distances between cars
solution check all three mirrors every
three to five minutes or even more
frequently depending on the traffic
around you use the radio or your
favorite playlists to keep track of that
time when a new song starts it's time to
give your eyes a short workout
okay you got a pizza and now you're
rushing home to eat hey not so fast
there's a huge traffic jam ahead well
keep your food from going cold use your
heated seats your pizza won't be
steaming hot when you get home but the
heated seat will help a little and if
you don't have heated seats well that
makes two of us
if you don't have adjustable lumbar
supports in your car and can't find one
at the store make your own with a towel
just roll it up and put it behind your
lower back you need to fill the small
curve between your waist and hips take
10 minute breaks every two hours during
a long trip you need to stretch your
legs no idea how well pull over and stop
the car turn the music up and dance yeah
you'll feel much better physically and
mentally and don't worry about any
strange looks from passers-by they'll
simply assume you just made the final
payment on your buggy and now you're
celebrating woohoo